Updates to entities.md (#73)
plantanapp/documentation: docs/entities.md

## `General Description`

Entities define the data model of the application. This is sometimes referred to as Data Structure or Structured Content. This is where you establish the data elements in your application and how they relate to each other. For a simple application, you could begin your design right here. For a more complex app, you may want to create a visual representation of your data model first and then create your entities based on that. Plant an App also creates a visual view of the relation between your Entities. You can view this by toggling to the **Dependency View** on the Entities page.

:::note

> Plant an App automatically includes four default Entities. They are Users, Roles, Documents, and Images. These cannot be removed or edited. They won't appear in the Depency View unless they are added as a dependency to one of your Entities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Plant an App automatically includes four default Entities: Users, Roles, Documents, and Images. These cannot be removed or edited. They will not appear in the Dependency View unless added as a dependency to one of the Entities.
```

### `Property Types`

> When you create an Entity, you need to define the properties of the Entity. Plant an App always adds five built-in properties for each Entity including ID, CreateBy, CreatedDate, LastModifiedBy, and LastModifiedDate. You add **Custom Properties** to define your Entity and you need to specify the **Type** for each property. In the property selection dialogue, you will see three sections. They are **Primitive**, **Entities**, and **List of Entities**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you create an Entity, you need to define the properties of the Entity. Plant an App adds five built-in properties for each Entity: ID, CreateBy, CreatedDate, LastModifiedBy, and LastModifiedDate. You add **Custom Properties** to define your Entity and specify the **Type** for each property. You will see three sections in the property selection dialogue: **Primitive**, **Entities**, and **List of Entities**.
```

#### `List of Entities`

> The third section also lists existing **Entities** from your application. However, selecting an Entity from here allows you to define a list of entries from the child Entity that are all related to an entry in the current Entity. For example, if the current Entity (Parent) is going to be a list of Projects and each Project needs to have a list of tasks attached to it, you would add a property called Tasks and select the Tasks Entity (Child) under List of Entities. This property type does not create a form field. Instead, it will add a column to the Parent Entity listing with a link to view the Child Entity listing filtered for entries related to the selected Parent Entity and to add entries to the Child Entity. It also creates a relationship table in the database that stores the relationship between the parent and child Entities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The third section also lists existing **Entities** from your application. However, selecting an Entity from here allows you to define a list of entries from the child Entity related to an entry in the current Entity. For example, if the current Entity (Parent) will be a list of Projects and each Project needs to have a list of tasks attached to it, you would add a property called Tasks and select the Tasks Entity (Child) under List of Entities. This property type does not create a form field. Instead, it will add a column to the Parent Entity listing with a link to view the Child Entity listing filtered for entries related to the selected Parent Entity and to add entries to the Child Entity. It also creates a relationship table in the database that stores the relationship between the parent and child Entities.
```
